Document remove_almost_degenerate_faces() (#6772)
CGAL/cgal: Polygon_mesh_processing/doc/Polygon_mesh_processing/Polygon_mesh_processing.txt

`CGAL::Polygon_mesh_processing::merge_duplicated_vertices_in_boundary_cycle()`, which merge
vertices at identical positions, can be used to repair this configuration.

\subsection PMPRemoveCapsNeedles Removal of Almost Degenerate Triangle Faces

> Triangle faces of a mesh defined by almost collinear points are badly shaped elements that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Triangle faces of a mesh made up of almost collinear points are badly shaped elements that
```

might not be desirable to have in a mesh. The function

> `CGAL::Polygon_mesh_processing::remove_almost_degenerate_faces()` allows to remove such elements

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`CGAL::Polygon_mesh_processing::remove_almost_degenerate_faces()` enables removing such elements,
```

> using user parameters to quality what <i>almost</i> means (`cap_threshold` and `needle_threshold`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
with user-defined parameters to qualify what <i>almost</i> means (`cap_threshold` and `needle_threshold`).
```

> As some badly shaped elements are inevitable (triangulation of a long cylinder

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As some badly shaped elements are inevitable (the triangulation of a long cylinder
```
